IceSSL cert name verification fixes - Close #512 (#515)
zeroc-ice/ice: CHANGELOG-3.7.md

- Add support for AIX 7.2 with the IBM XL C/C++ 16.1 compiler (C++98 only).

> - Fixed a bug in IceSSL that result in `IceSSL::ConnectionInfo` not having

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in IceSSL that could result in `IceSSL::ConnectionInfo` not having
```

  the `verified` data member set to false when the certficiate hostname verification

>   failed. This affects IceSSL using OpenSSL < 1.0.2 and SChannel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  failed. This affected IceSSL based on OpenSSL < 1.0.2 and SChannel.
```
